ENGDOCS-999 (#15629)
docker/docs: desktop/dev-environments/create-compose-dev-env.md

>Note
>

> >If you want to create an advanced dev environment from a subdirectory of a Git repo, you need to define your own compose file in a .docker folder located in your subdirectory as currently, Dev Environments is not able to detect the main language of the subdirectory. 

Reviewer: One last stray .docker snuck through!

Copying what we wrote in the other "Create" doc:

```suggestion
>Currently, Dev Environments is not able to detect the main language of the subdirectory. You need to define your own base image or compose services in a `compose-dev.yaml` located in your subdirectory.
```
